src/pages/data.md, before:

## Data

This website is designed to display library data published in a standard data format, with the same data columns and types (called a schema).

- Schema for [data on libraries](https://schema.librarydata.uk/libraries)
- Schema for [data on mobile library stops](https://schema.librarydata.uk/mobile-library-stops)

### Initial data sources

The website was created using the following data sources:

- Scottish public libraries from the [Scottish Library & Information Council]([https://scottishlibraries.org/find-a-library/)
- Wales public libraries held in Wikidata and displayed on [libraries.wales](https://libraries.wales/)
- Northern Ireland libraries and mobile library stops from [Libraries NI](https://www.librariesni.org.uk/Libraries/Pages/libraries-home.aspx)
- Various mobile library stops from each individual library service website

### Updating data

Library services can maintain their own data, and publish it where they think best.

1. The data should be published online as a spreadsheet in CSV (comma separated values) format.
2. The data should conform to the relevant schema for [libraries](https://schema.librarydata.uk/libraries), or [mobile library stops](https://schema.librarydata.uk/mobile-library-stops). Help is available in getting this set up, and validating the data.
3. The data should be be publicly accessible to everyone. This could be through links on the library website, council open data pages, or library catalogue.
4. The data should be published using an open licence. The [Open Government Licence](http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/) is suggested for local government data.

Send an email to [info@librarieshacked.org](mailto:info@librarieshacked.org) with the details above, and the site will be updated to use your data source. When you make updates to the data, they will be updated on this site on the following day.

Commit message:

54 fix issues after upgrade (#55)
* Code formatting and minor bugs

* Updating postcode seach box

* Fixing issues from upgrade

src/pages/data.md, after:

## Data

This website is designed to display library data that is published to a standard format, with the same data columns and types (called a schema).

- Schema for [data on libraries](https://schema.librarydata.uk/libraries)
- Schema for [data on mobile library stops](https://schema.librarydata.uk/mobile-library-stops)

### Initial data sources

The website was created by transforming data from the following data sources:

- Scottish public libraries from the [Scottish Library & Information Council]([https://scottishlibraries.org/find-a-library/)
- Wales public libraries held in Wikidata and displayed on [libraries.wales](https://libraries.wales/)
- Northern Ireland libraries and mobile library stops from [Libraries NI](https://www.librariesni.org.uk/Libraries/Pages/libraries-home.aspx)
- Various mobile library stops from each individual library service website

### Updating data

Library services can maintain their own data, and publish it where they think best.

1. The data should be available online in CSV (comma separated values) format.
2. The data should be in the relevant schema for either [libraries](https://schema.librarydata.uk/libraries), or [mobile library stops](https://schema.librarydata.uk/mobile-library-stops). Please get in contact for help in getting this set up, and validating the data.
3. The data should be be publicly accessible to everyone. This could be through links on the library website, council open data pages, or library catalogue.
4. The data should be published using an open licence. The [Open Government Licence](http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/) is suggested for local government data.

Send an email to [info@librarieshacked.org](mailto:info@librarieshacked.org) with the details above, and the site will be updated to use your data source. When you make updates to the data, they will be updated on this site on the following day.
